Add support for the Shop Pay CSS var, and add docs (#1613)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/components/cart/cartshoppaybutton.md

| Name       | Type                                                                                         | Description                                                                               |
| ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| className? | <code>Omit&#60;React.ComponentProps&#60;typeof ShopPayButton&#62;, 'variantIds'&#62;)</code> | A string of classes to apply to the `div` that wraps the `shop-pay-button` web component. |

> | width? | <code>string</code> |   A string that gets applied to the CSS Custom Property (Variable) `--shop-pay-button-width` for the [Shop Pay Custom Element](https://shopify.dev/custom-storefronts/tools/web-components#buy-with-shop-pay-component) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| width? | <code>string</code> |   A string that's applied to the [CSS custom property variable](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/--*) `--shop-pay-button-width` for the [Buy with Shop Pay component](https://shopify.dev/custom-storefronts/tools/web-components#buy-with-shop-pay-component). |
```
